When is the last time you experienced nostalgia?
What’s the scariest dream you’ve ever had?
What’s the weirdest thought you’ve ever had?
What’s the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the word “fidget”?
What made-up word would you incorporate into the English language if you could?
What animal would you want to be reincarnated as?
If you could visit one planet, which would it be?
What super power do you wish you had?
What’s your very first memory?
What did say as a kid when asked: What do you want to be when you grow up?
If you could change careers right this second, what would you do?
What makes you happiest?
When is the last time you can remember feeling totally at peace?
Which of the Seven Wonders of the world do you want to visit the most?
What country do you most want to travel to?
Which foreign language would you like to learn?
What’s the most ticklish spot on your body?
When is the last time you really laughed out loud?
What’s your favorite joke?
When is the last time you vomited and why?
What’s the first movie that made you lol?
What’s the first movie that made you cry?
What’s the most memorable book you’ve ever read?
What’s your favorite color?
What song do you most associate with your childhood?
What major historical event took place the year you were born?
What era would you choose to live in if you could?
What place would you first travel to if you could teleport?
What do you think about artificial intelligence?
What’s your opinion on fate?
Do you believe in aliens?
Have you ever seen a UFO?
Is there anything about yourself you’ve never told another soul?
Do you have any “skeletons in the closet”?
What living celebrity do you most identify with?
Which dead celebrity do you most identify with?
If you could be famous for something, what do you wish it would be?
How would you spend 100 million dollars?
If you won the lottery tomorrow, what would be your very first expense?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the biggest misstep you’ve ever taken?
What is your biggest life regret?
If you could domesticate any animal in the world, which would you pick?
What is the biggest lesson you’ve learned so far?
What do you wish for the world ten years from now?
What really gets on your nerves?
Is there a personality trait you just can’t stand?
What book has impacted you more than any other?
What’s the last meaningful book you read?
What’s your favorite line from a movie or book?
What’s your all-time favorite quotes?
What’s the last thing you did just for yourself?
If you could do something mischievous without anyone every finding out, what would it be?
In what circumstances is it okay to commit a crime?
What food do you crave more than any other?
What skill do you wish you had?
What personality trait do you wish you could automatically adopt?
What job could you never imagine doing?
If you were a bagel, what type of bagel would you be?
What song lyric best mirrors your life motto?
Which pop artist do you secretly wish you could be?
Which holiday would you erase altogether from our calendars if given the opportunity?
What’s the best dream you’ve ever had?
When were you last totally lost in thought?
When is the last time you changed your mind about a big issue?
Have you ever changed someone else’s mind about something big?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever witnessed?
What’s the most disturbing thing you’ve ever witnessed?
Have you ever had to scream “help!” and if so, why?
What’s your greatest fear while swimming in the ocean?
Do you have any irrational fears and if so what are they?
What’s your strangest habit?
What’s the weirdest thing you do when you’re totally alone?
How do you feel about wombats?
What’s the ugliest part of the human body?
What’s the ugliest living creature you’ve ever encountered?
What makes you anxious?
What makes you lose track of time?
What makes you angry?
What makes you hopeful?
What are you looking forward to most right now?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever eaten?
When have you felt most proud of yourself?
When have you felt happiest to be alive?
What are you most grateful for?
What or who drives you absolutely crazy?
Why do you do what you do?
What’s your worst nightmare?
If not blue, what color do you think the sky should be?
If not blue, what color do you think the ocean should be?
If you could cure a singles disease, which would you choose?
If you discovered you were immortal, how would you change your life starting right now?
How would you describe humanity to an alien civilization?
What would you like your dying words to be?
If you could teach your pet to say one thing, what would it be?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever been caught doing?
If you woke up and you could walk through walls, what’s the first thing you’d do?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character, and, if so, who?
If you could tell your teenage self one thing, what would it be?
If you had exactly one wish to make that would come true ten years from now, what would it be?
What do you do when you can’t fall asleep?